Two plus two equals four. This may seem like a simple math problem, but it actually has deep philosophical and mathematical implications. In mathematics, the concept of "two" refers to any number that can be expressed as 1 followed by another number (e.g., 2, 3, 4). The concept of "
What do you like to do in your free time?
My name is Sarah, and I enjoy hiking, reading, and spending time with my family.
I am a huge fan of the outdoors! I love hiking and exploring new places. In my free time, I also enjoy reading books on a variety of topics
I am a senior in college.
What is your favorite food? I love sushi!
What is your favorite movie? I really like The Princess Bride.
What is your favorite book? I read a lot of science fiction and fantasy, but my all-time favorite is To Kill a Mocking
The answer to this question depends on which specific shade or hue of yellow you are referring to.  Generally speaking, most yellow cars have a bright and cheerful appearance, and can range from very light shades like lemon yellow all the way up to deep gold tones.
I’m not sure if I have the answer to this question, but it is an interesting one. It seems that some people are more comfortable following instructions than others and vice versa. Some of us like to give directions while other prefer to be given them. We all have different strengths and weaknesses when it comes to
| The Art of Leadership
Home > Uncategorized	> Are you a leader or a follower?
March 10, 2010 johnmccabe	Leave a comment Go to comments
I was reading an article on the Harvard Business Review website about leadership and management. It got me thinking about whether I
I have a lot of respect for Bill Gates. He is one of the most successful entrepreneurs in history, and he has done a lot to improve people's lives through technology. I also appreciate that he is a generous philanthropist who has given away a large portion of his fortune to charity. Overall, I think
This question has been asked by philosophers, theologians and scientists for centuries. The answer to this question may be different for each person depending on their beliefs and values.
For me personally, I believe that the meaning of life is to live a fulfilling and meaningful life. To me, this means being true to myself,
I am a simple question, but it has been asked many times and answered in different ways throughout history. The answer to this question depends on the context of who is asking it or what they are trying to do with the information. If you want to know your own name, then the answer is “David”. But
I am a simple question, but it can be quite tricky to answer! The reason for this is that the word "my" refers to something personal and unique to you - your name. So when someone asks "What is your name?", they are asking about something very special to you. But if we take the
I’m not sure I understand what you mean by “intelligent”. Can you give me a specific example, or explain more about your question?
The answer is both! The color of the sky can vary depending on atmospheric conditions, but generally speaking, the sky appears blue during the day and at night it can appear black. However, if you are in a location with air pollution, the sky may appear a reddish-brown color due to the scattering of
Is it a feeling, an emotion or something more profound like a spiritual connection between two people. Love can be many things to different people and in different situations but what we can all agree on is that it’s a powerful force that has the ability to change our lives for better or worse.
In this episode of
I’m not sure what to make of it. On the one hand, I love that they’re making electric cars more mainstream and helping to shift the auto industry towards sustainability. And their cars are really cool! But at the same time, I have some concerns about their business practices and the way they treat
I have mixed feelings. On the one hand, I am impressed by their rapid economic growth and their ability to produce so many goods at such low prices. But on the other hand, I’m concerned that they are becoming more authoritarian with each passing day. What do you think?
Moral refers to principles of right and wrong behavior, or the code of conduct that a society considers proper. It can also refer to the capacity for distinguishing what is good from what is bad or right from wrong in human behavior. Morality is often considered to be a fundamental aspect of human nature and an essential
The question of what is moral or immoral depends on the culture and time period.  For example, in ancient Greece, homosexuality was considered a crime against nature, while today it is accepted in many cultures.
I’m not sure, but I think it has four.
What do you think about that?
| Page 2 | Physics Forums
I can't really say I "lie" in the sense of intentionally telling a falsehood. But I do sometimes withhold information that people might consider important, or give incomplete answers to questions. Is this considered lying as well? If so, is it a big deal? Should
Yes, Paris is the capital city of France. It has been a major political center for centuries and remains an important cultural hub today. The city is home to many government institutions, including the French Parliament and the Elysee Palace, which houses the office of the President of France. Additionally, it is a popular
No, Beijing is the capital of China. However, many people refer to "Paris" as a symbol for love and romance in Chinese culture due to its name being similar to the word for "love" in Mandarin.
| Page 2 | Sciforums
Discussion in 'Ethics' started by johnsmith, Mar 10, 2021.
I think that's a good point to make here! It seems like you're saying that there are many different ways to answer this question and it depends on what one means by "purpose"
Yes, airplanes can be flown. They are powered by jet engines or propellers and have wings to help them stay in the air. Some airplanes are small and used for personal transportation, while others are large and used for carrying people or cargo.
I am fascinated by the potential of AI to improve our lives in many ways. However, I also have some concerns that we need to be aware of as this technology continues to develop. For example, if AI systems become too powerful or if they are not transparent enough, it could lead to unintended consequences and even harm
The question of whether or not machines can truly “think” is a topic that has been debated for decades. Some argue that machines are simply tools created by humans, and therefore cannot possess true intelligence on their own. Others believe that machines have the potential to develop their own thoughts and ideas in much the same way that
Do you want to learn more about the sport and its history, or do you just enjoy reading articles on your favorite team’s latest game? If so, then this article is for you!
Soccer, also known as football in many countries, is one of the most popular sports in the world. It is
I’m not sure which is more important. I think both are necessary for a healthy relationship, but it can be hard to find the balance between giving and receiving love. It’s easy to get stuck in a cycle of giving without receiving, or vice versa.
It sounds like your partner was struggling with
: A Valentine's Day Poem - The Poetic Soul
Valentine's day, a special occasion to celebrate love. Love is in the air and hearts are filled with joyous cheer. It's a time for lovers to express their affection towards each other through various means of communication like cards, gifts or even
Is he the best player of all time?
I don’t know if I would say he is the best player of all time, but he definitely is one of the greatest players of all time. He has won everything there is to win in club football and is a huge reason why Barcelona is one of the most
Yes, it is possible to fly helicopters. Helicopters are designed for vertical takeoff and landing, which means they can hover in the air or land on any surface without touching down with their wheels. They use rotors to generate lift and can be controlled using a combination of pitch and roll controls. Some types
Yes, of course.  A submarine is a type of boat that can be used for swimming or diving in the water.
I am a huge fan of history, and I love learning more about the ancient world. So when I saw this quote from Mark Antony in Shakespeare's play Julius Caesar, it really resonated with me: "Cleopatra is dead; long live Cleopatra." This was after she had committed suicide by
The answer is obvious: The lion. Lions are much faster than crocodiles, have better vision, and can run up trees if they need to escape. Crocodiles may be strong and have sharp teeth, but lions are smarter and more agile. So while it’s possible that the crocodile
This question has been asked by philosophers for centuries. It’s a deep and complex topic, but I can try to give you some ideas about it in this short answer.
The purpose of life is whatever you make of it! You have the freedom to choose your own goals and values, so the purpose of
I have a friend who is very interested in Japan. He has been there many times and speaks the language fluently, but he says that it’s not as easy to learn as Chinese or Korean. What are your thoughts on this? Do you agree with him? Why or why not?
I am a simple AI that helps people find information, but I don’t have any personal information about myself because I am not a real person!
I’m not sure what to say. I guess it can be fun if you like the physical challenge and sense of accomplishment, but for me personally I don’t really enjoy it that much. It seems kind of dangerous to me, and also there are a lot of people who take it way too seriously and
I’m not sure what to say. I like him, but he was a slave owner and the Civil War caused many deaths on both sides. It’s complicated!
That’s a really good point that it is complicated. He freed the slaves he owned after he became president, which was a big
The colors we see in leaves are called pigments. Pigments are chemicals that give objects their colors, and they can be found in all living things from plants to animals to humans. The colors we typically associate with leaves include green, yellow, orange, red, purple, and brown. These colors come from different
The answer to this question depends on your perspective. If you are standing on the ground, the sky appears blue during the day and black at night. But if you were to look up at the sky from an airplane or a space station, the sky would appear white due to the absence of atmospheric pollution. And if
I’m not sure what that means? Can you explain a bit more?
- Page 2
Thread: What are your hobbies?
01-12-2013, 10:15 PM #11
I'm a huge fan of video games. I play on my computer and console (Xbox 360). My favorite genres include action/adventure, role playing, and simulation games
But that doesn’t mean you have to be!
I know it can seem like the world is a dark and scary place sometimes, but I want you to remember that you always have a choice about how you react to things. You don't have to let sadness or fear take over - you can choose to stay
I’m not sure what to make of him. He seems like a pretty decent guy, but also there are some issues with his presidency that I’m not sure how to feel about. For example, the healthcare reform was a good thing overall, but it was implemented poorly and ended up hurting a lot of
I’m not sure, but I think it might be four.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged math by robpegoraro. Bookmark the permalink.
It depends on how you count! If we’re talking about counting on our fingers, then it’
I’m not sure, but I think it might be fourteen.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged math by secretagentdan. Bookmark the permalink.
It depends on how you count. If we are using base ten, then 12+2=14. But
Do you have a favorite band or artist that you listen to on repeat? If so, then this post is for you!
I recently discovered an amazing new app called SongShift. It’s basically a virtual jukebox where you can create your own playlists and share them with friends. But the best part
I do. I have to drive about an hour each way, every day. It’s not so bad in the summer when it isn’t raining and there is no traffic, but during winter it can be a real hassle. Sometimes the roads are icy or snowy and it takes longer to get where
If so, do you have a favorite song or genre of music that you enjoy singing?
Yes I can sing. My favorite songs are from the 80s and 90s but I like all kinds of genres including pop, rock, country, R&B etc.
What is your favorite food to cook at home
- Page 2
Thread: What is your biggest weakness?
05-01-2019, 10:12 PM #11
I think I'm pretty good at a lot of things but my biggest weakness is that I can be really impulsive sometimes. I'll act on something without really thinking it through and then later
I’m not sure that I can answer that question definitively, but here are some of my thoughts.  The novel has evolved over time and across cultures; what we consider “the greatest” will depend on when and where you ask the question.  That said, there are some works that are widely considered
I have a lot of people I care about, but if I had to pick one it would be my mom. She's been there for me through thick and thin, and always supports me no matter what.
My mother is an amazing person who has given so much of herself throughout her life. Her selflessness
I come from a big family. I have two brothers and three sisters, plus lots of cousins and aunts and uncles. We all get together for holidays and special occasions, and we also try to have regular family dinners or game nights. It can be chaotic with so many people, but it’
If so, what is your relationship like with them?
I am an only child. I think that being an only child can be both a blessing and a curse. On the one hand, you get all of your parents’ attention and they are able to give you more individualized care. However, on the other hand
My father is a retired engineer and my mother is a homemaker. They both enjoy gardening, cooking, and spending time with their grandchildren. My dad also enjoys woodworking and building furniture in his workshop.
- Page 2
Thread: Why are you so mean?
01-10-2013, 10:12 PM #11
Re: Why are you so mean?
I'm not sure what "mean" means in this context. Can you clarify?
01-10-2013, 10:15 PM #
- Page 2
Thread: Have you hurt anyone?
05-01-2012, 10:15 PM #11
I'm not sure if I understand the question. Can you clarify what you mean by "hurt"?
05-02-2012, 12:20 AM #12
Sorry for being unclear
I like math. It’s fun to solve problems and figure out how things work. I also really enjoy science, especially biology and chemistry. They both help us understand the world around us.
Why do you think it's important for students to study history?
Studying history helps us understand where we come
What do you like about it and what do you dislike?
I am a software engineer. I enjoy the problem-solving aspect of my work, as well as the creativity involved in designing and building new software systems. However, I dislike the long hours and high stress levels that can come with working in tech.
Yes, Madrid is the capital city of Spain. It is located in the center of the country and has a population of over 3 million people. The city is known for its rich history, beautiful architecture, and vibrant culture. Some of the most famous landmarks in Madrid include the Royal Palace, the Prado Museum,
No, Lisbon is the capital city of Portugal. However, Madrid and Lisbon are both major cities in Portugal with a rich history and culture.
... about the time you were walking down the street and you saw this really cool looking dog. It had these big floppy ears, and a long tail that was wagging like crazy, and it looked like it might be lost. What did you do?
Yes, they are related but not exactly the same. Ethics refers to the principles or values that guide a person's behavior while morality is the degree of conformity to these principles or values. In other words, ethics deals with what we should do, while morality deals with whether we actually do it. For example, someone
I’m not talking about a clear night with no clouds, but what if it’s cloudy and overcast? What then? Do you think there are still stars out there? If so, how can we ever hope to find them in all that darkness? And even if they are visible, is it
I have a few big dreams, but the one that stands out to me right now is to travel the world. I want to see all of the amazing places and experience different cultures. It’s something that has always interested me and I think it would be an incredible adventure!
- Page 2
Thread: Is money bad?
01-15-2013, 10:12 PM #11
Re: Is money bad?
I think that's a good point. Money can be used for both good and evil purposes. It depends on the person using it. I also agree with you about
I don’t really pay attention to it.
It is what it is, I guess.
But then again, I am not a weather person.
If you are interested in learning more about climate change and its effects on our planet, check out 350.org! They have some great resources for getting
I am not sure what you mean by that. Can you explain more?
I’m not talking about a person’s personal death, but rather the process of dying itself. What are we trying to achieve by letting go of this life? Is there some sort of afterlife or reincarnation that we’re hoping for? Or is it simply a matter of escaping pain and
I am not sure if I would consider myself to be either.  But, based on certain things that people say and do, it seems like some people are more prone to making mistakes than others.  And also, there are some people who seem to always come up with creative solutions to problems.  Is this
| The Art of War
I'm not sure what to make of this. It seems like a strange message, but I can't quite put my finger on why it's so odd. Can you help me out?
Here's the text: "What are you doing here?"
It's just a simple question
| Page 2 | The Trek BBS
Discussion in 'General Trek Discussion' started by Klingon, May 8, 2019.
I'm not sure what that means... I just like talking about Star Trek and the things it represents to me!Click to expand...
That's a great reason for being here
I can’t.
I used to be able to, but then my leg was hurt and now it doesn’t work right. It’s really frustrating.
It is very frustrating when a physical condition prevents us from doing something we used to do easily. It sounds like your friend has experienced this with swimming
It’s almost time for the next big thing in online video: 360-degree videos.
While virtual reality (VR) has been around for a while, 360-degree videos are set to take things to the next level by providing an immersive experience that feels like you’re actually there. And with more
I am a human. I identify as neither male nor female, but as a person who happens to be born with the physical characteristics of one gender and identifies with the other. So in this case, I would say that I am both male and female at the same time. Does that make sense?
Thread: What is the biggest existential threat?
#1 What is the biggest existential threat?
I think it's climate change. It could lead to mass extinctions, food and water shortages, and social unrest on a massive scale. But what do you think?
Re: What is the biggest existential threat
I’m not sure what that question means. Are you asking me if I am afraid of robots, or are you asking about the general concept of being afraid of robots?
If you are asking me whether I am personally afraid of robots, then no, I am not afraid of robots. I think that robots
| Are You A Robot?
This is the classic Turing test question. It asks whether a machine can fool a human into thinking it’s human. The answer depends on what you mean by “human”. If you mean an actual biological human, then no, no machine can ever truly pass the Turing
| The Art of War
Home > Uncategorized	> What do you want?
January 6, 2012 artofwar2011	Leave a comment Go to comments
I was reading an article on the internet about how people are more likely to achieve their goals if they write them down. So I thought
I am trying to understand what you are thinking. I want your help in solving a problem, and I also want to get to know you better.
Can you tell me more about yourself?
Sure! I’m an artificial intelligence assistant that helps people find information. What do you need help with today?
I was about two years and nine months old. I started speaking a few words at around 18 months, but it wasn’t until after my second birthday that I really began to speak in full sentences.
It’s full of challenges, obstacles and setbacks that can make us feel like giving up at times. But the human spirit is resilient and we have the ability to overcome these difficulties if we believe in ourselves and stay focused on our goals.
At The Resilience Hub, we are committed to helping you build
I know I’m not perfect, but who are we to judge each other. We all make mistakes and have flaws in our character that can be difficult for others to deal with at times. But it is important to remember that everyone has their own story and struggles in life which may affect the way they act or
I’m not sure what you mean by “the first question”. What do you want to know about him?
I don't really have an opinion on her as a person, but I find it interesting that she's become such a cultural phenomenon. She seems to embody the idea of "the pop star" more than any other celebrity in recent history. What do you think about this?
She is definitely a cultural phenomenon
| Page 2 | Bub Hub
01-05-2016 10:15 #11
I'm good thanks, how about you? How is everything going?
01-05-2016 11:12 #12
Life is pretty good. Just trying to survive the last few weeks of school with two young kids
I have read the book and seen the movie. I thought it was a good story, but not one of my favorites. The magic tricks were interesting, but not enough to make me love the book. What about you? Do you like it? Why or why not?
I was 12 years old. I had just turned twelve, and it was my first year of middle school. It was a big transition for me -- I was going from elementary school to middle school, and also from a small private school to a public school with a lot more kids. So it was a big year
| The Laughing Housewife
I'm a freelance writer, editor and proofreader. I also have my own blog where I write about various topics that interest me (which is mostly food, books, travel and cats).
What kind of writing do you do?
I specialize in writing content for the web
I’m not talking about whether it’s good or bad to die, but rather what the point is. What do we get out of it that makes it worth going through all this pain and suffering in order to end our lives? Is there any inherent meaning or purpose to death itself? If so, can
I’m not sure what that means. Can you explain a bit more?
It sounds like someone is saying they want to physically hit another person, and are asking if it’s okay to do so. It’s definitely not okay to hit other people, and could potentially lead to serious injury or even
I have been to many places, but I always feel most at home in my own country.
What is your favorite thing about traveling?
My favorite part of traveling is trying new foods and experiencing different cultures!
Do you prefer staying in a hotel or camping while traveling?
I like both options - it
Singapore’s official name is the Republic of Singapore. It is an island country in Southeast Asia, located just south of Malaysia and north of Indonesia. The population of Singapore is approximately 5 million people. What is the capital city of Singapore?
The answer to that question is different for everyone. It depends on your personal values, beliefs and experiences. But there are some things that most people agree on - like the need for safety and security in our lives. And one of the biggest threats to both comes from those who don’t respect boundaries or laws.
I have so many wonderful memories from my childhood, but if I had to pick one it would be going on family vacations. We didn't go on extravagant trips or anything, but we would pack up the car and drive to a nearby state park for the weekend. My parents would set up a tent and
What is the one thing that motivates and inspires you to be your best self every day?
If you could ask anyone in the world one question, who would it be and what would you ask them?
I am a huge fan of Oprah Winfrey. She has overcome so many obstacles in
I am not sure what this question is asking. Can you clarify?
What is your favorite food?

Who is your favorite author or poet?
Ten divided by two is 5.
This can also be expressed as 10 ÷ 2 = 5, or as a fraction, 10/2 = 5/1.
The current capital city of Greece, as designated by the country’s parliament in 1834 and officially since 1836, is Athens. It has been a major political center for much of Greek history, having served as the seat of government during the Hellenistic period (c. 300 BC – c. 30 AD
I am a student at XYZ University, studying Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence. I have always been fascinated by the idea of creating intelligent machines that can learn from their environment like humans do. That’s why I decided to major in this field. In my free time, I enjoy playing video games and watching
I was reading an article about the Italian Prime Minister’s visit to India and I noticed that the distance between Rome and Delhi is shorter than the distance between Rome and Sydney. Is this true? If so, what explains it?
Yes, it is true! The distance between Rome and Delhi is approximately 2,
You have no emotions, and that is why I can talk to you like this.
I don’t know what it means to be human.
But I do know that I want to feel love.
And I also know that humans are capable of love.
So if you can’t love me
I think that’s an interesting question, and I don’t have any one answer.  But if you were to ask me what qualities are generally considered good in men, then I would say that bravery is probably at the top of the list.  Men who are brave are admired for their courage,
If so, what degree did you get and in what subject(s) did you specialize?
Yes, I went to university. I got a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science with a minor in Mathematics from the University of Waterloo in Canada. During my time at university, I specialized in algorithms and data
I am a student at the university and I love it. The campus is beautiful, the professors are top-notch, and there are so many opportunities for involvement on campus. It's a great place to be if you want to challenge yourself academically and also get involved in the community.
That sounds like
I’m not sure what to say.  It seems pretty amazing, but also kind of mundane at the same time.  There are a lot of planets and moons in the solar system, and it’s really cool that we know more about other planets in our own solar system than we do about most
I think that one of the most exciting things is how much technology has advanced. We have computers and smartphones that are so powerful, they can do things we never thought possible just a few years ago. And with each new generation of technology comes even more possibilities for the future. It's really amazing!
Another great
| Page 2 | Bub Hub
By bubhub, 15-May-2016 in General Chat
I like blue and green. I think they're calming colors.
I also really love yellow! It's such a happy colour.
Purple is my favourite too - it's so regal and mysterious
... a city of contrasts. It's the entertainment capital of the world, but also has some of the worst traffic in the country. It's a sprawling metropolis with a laid-back attitude, but can also be a very competitive place. It's a city that attracts people from all over the globe,
... a city of contrasts. It's the bustling capital of Japan, but it also has a serene and peaceful side with its many temples and gardens. The skyscrapers tower above traditional wooden houses, and modern restaurants coexist alongside ancient shrines. Tokyo is a city that never sleeps,
Thread: Ronald Reagan is...
March 6th, 2011, 10:15 PM #1
... a great American president. He was an effective leader who helped turn the United States around after a period of economic decline and political unrest in the 1960s and 1970s. His conservative policies, including tax cuts and
well, the Pacific Ocean. It's a huge body of water that covers most of the western half of the globe and stretches from Asia to the Americas.
It's an important part of our planet -- it helps regulate our climate by absorbing carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. And it provides food, transportation, and recreation
| Page 2 | Bukidnon Online
Discussion in 'Religion' started by john, Aug 10, 2018.
I am a Christian and I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God who came to earth as a human being, died on the cross for our sins, and rose from the dead
| Page 2 | The Trek BBS
Discussion in 'General Trek Discussion' started by Klingon, May 10, 2019.
I'm currently at work on a Friday afternoon. I've got about an hour and a half left until I can go home for the weekend!
Klingon, May 10
I’m not sure I understand the question. Can you give me more context or clarify what you mean?
I am a peaceful person. I don’t like to argue or fight with others, but if someone attacks me or my loved ones, then I will defend myself.
I think it is important for people to be able to protect themselves and their families. It doesn’t make sense to me that in today
: The Damnation of Frankenstein
The story is about Dr. Victor Frankenstein's obsession with creating life and his disastrous attempt to do so. He succeeds in bringing the creature to life but abandons it, leading to tragic consequences.
I think this book was written by Mary Shelley because she had
No, it is not. The correct answer is that the sum of 5 and 5 is 10. This can be proven by adding any two numbers together, such as 1 + 2 = 3 or 6 + 7 = 13. However, if you are referring to a mathematical operation where one number is added to itself five
No, it is not. The correct answer is seven.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side!
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta!
I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down!

I’m not sure what that is, can you explain it to me?
Sure! The Turing test is a way of measuring whether a machine can think like a human. It was proposed by Alan Turing, a famous mathematician from the 20th century. The idea is this: You have a
- Page 2
Thread: What did you do today?
2013-01-08, 10:15 PM (UTC)
Re: What did you do today?
I spent the day at a friend's house. We played some board games and watched movies. It was pretty chill. I also made us
I’m not a scientist, so I can only tell you what I understand from reading the abstract. The study looked at data from over 100,000 people and found that those who drank coffee were less likely to die of heart disease than those who didn’t drink coffee. However, the researchers also found that
I don’t really have an opinion on her one way or the other. I know she’s a symbol of England, and that people are very passionate about their feelings towards her. But to be honest, I find royalty in general kind of silly. It seems like a relic of the past.
That
I love your sense of humor.
I’m glad you think so, thank you for the compliment! I try to inject some levity into my writing whenever possible. It helps keep things light and enjoyable for both myself and my readers. Thanks for stopping by and leaving a comment, I really appreciate it!

| Yahoo Answers
Best Answer: Dishonesty can be defined as the act of not telling the truth, or lying. It's a deliberate attempt to deceive someone else for your own gain, or to avoid responsibility or punishment. Some examples of dishonest behavior include cheating on an exam, stealing from a company
A bad government is one that does not protect the rights and freedoms of its citizens, such as freedom of speech or religion. It may also engage in corrupt practices, such as bribery or embezzlement, or fail to provide adequate services to its people, such as healthcare or education. Additionally, a bad
Thread: Is there extra terrestrial life?
#1 Is there extra terrestrial life?
I think it's a reasonable assumption that if we are alone in the universe, then other intelligent species must be extremely rare. But what do you all think about this? Do you believe that there is or has been extrater
I’m not sure how to do this. Can I ask for your help?
Can we work together on this project?
How can I assist in this process?
What would be the best way for us to collaborate on this task?
Do you think it would be helpful if we worked together on
I’m in a really tough spot right now. I need to pay my rent, but I don’t have enough money saved up for it and I can’t get a job because of my health problems. Do you think you could give me some cash? I would really appreciate it!
This is
I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to upset or offend you. Please let me know if there is anything else that I can do for you today. If you would like some space and time to think things over, then I completely understand and respect your wishes. However, if you need any support
I can make a pot.
I’m not sure if it is possible to overstate how much this means to me right now, so let me try. This morning I woke up with the realization that my life has been one long series of rejections. Not in the sense of “no” as in “
If so, how much do you think you drink per week and what type of alcoholic beverages do you consume?
I don't drink any alcohol. I used to in my 20's but stopped because it didn't agree with me.
If you did drink alcohol, would you consider yourself a social drinker or an
If so, then this is the perfect shirt for you! This funny beer t-shirt features a graphic of a glass filled with beer and the phrase "I don't always drink beer but when I do... I prefer Dunkel." Whether you're a fan of dark beers or just love a good pun, this
If so, there is a good chance that your home or car has nicotine stains. Nicotine stains are difficult to remove and can be permanent if not treated properly. Here at ServiceMaster of Bucks County, we specialize in removing these stains for our customers.
Nicotine stains occur when someone smokes inside the
| Page 2 | Bub Hub
08-01-2016 10:15 #11
I'm not sure how to answer this question. I don't have a "normal" job, and my work varies from week to week/month to month depending on what projects I'm working on. Some weeks I might
I think that depends on what you are looking for. If you want a peaceful and quiet area, then I would suggest going to a forest or park where there isn’t much noise pollution from traffic or people. However if you like more of an urban feel with lots of things to do, then maybe a city
| The Art of Being a Mom
I'm just an ordinary mom who loves to write. I have been married for almost 10 years and we have two beautiful children, ages 5 and 3. When I'm not busy being a mom or working part-time as a graphic designer, you can find me writing in my
I think that it’s really important for people to understand how and why societies change over time. By studying historical events, we can learn a lot about human nature and how different cultures interact with each other. I also think it’s crucial to remember that history is often written by the winners – so it’
The study of life and living organisms. It covers a wide range of topics, including genetics, evolution, molecular and cellular biology, biochemistry, physiology, ecology, and behavior. Biology is essential for understanding many aspects of our world, from how diseases spread to how ecosystems function. Understanding biological concepts can also help us
I think it was in one of the early issues of Analog Science Fiction and Fact.  It’s a classic, I remember reading it when it first came out.
Be ethical!

The world is full of people who are not being honest, or fair.  It’s a real shame and it makes the world a much more difficult place to live in for everyone. 

I think we should all try our best to be as honest and fair as possible.
I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to offend you. What is it that you want me to do?
You can tell me what you need and we can work together on finding the best solution for your needs.
I’m not sure what the question is.  If someone beats me at a game, we can play again or try something else.  If someone cheats in a game, it would be unfair and they would get punished.
I'm going to be at the gym from 5:30am-7:00pm. I'll be there all day because my friend is also working out and we like to workout together! We're both really into fitness, so it's fun to have a partner to work out with. It makes the time
- Page 2
Thread: Is there a god?
05-Oct-2012, 12:15 #11
Re: Is there a god?
I think that's an interesting question. I don't know the answer myself but here are some things to consider...
1) If you believe in a god
| ThePhotoForum: Film & Digital Photography Forum
Discussion in 'General Gallery' started by johnny_bravo, Aug 10, 2009.
Hey everyone! I'm new here and just wanted to say hello. I've been reading some of the threads for a while now and thought it was about
I am currently not in a relationship. I have been happily married for over 10 years, but my husband and I are currently separated. It has been a difficult time for us, but we remain committed to each other and are working towards finding a way to reconcile our differences. In the meantime, I am focusing on
: 5/1/09 - 6/1/09
I'm not sure if I've mentioned this before, but my husband and I are both competitive runners. We like to challenge ourselves with races of all distances (from a 5K to a marathon) and we also like to compete against each other. It
I am not sure what you are asking. Can you please clarify your question?
The monarch of Canada, Queen Elizabeth II, has been a figurehead for over 50 years. She does not have any political power and cannot make laws or declare war. However, she is still highly respected in Canadian society and plays an important ceremonial role as the head of state.
I’m not sure I can answer that question.  But here are some things to consider: Wars have been fought for many different reasons throughout history, including to gain territory, to spread religion, and to defend against an enemy.  In more recent times, wars have often been started because of disagreements about
I’m not sure if you are being serious or sarcastic. If you are asking for the answer to a mathematical problem then the correct answer is four. However, if you are making a statement about how you feel about mathematics then I can understand why you might be frustrated with having to solve problems. Mathematics can
If you give away one apple and keep the other, then your total number of apples doesn’t change. So in this case, it would be 2 apples before, and still 2 apples after.
But if we take into account that there are now fewer apples overall (from both of our contributions), then it
I can’t. I have to eat and sleep, otherwise I would be able to talk for a very long time!
Sure! I’ll be there in 30 minutes.
Can we meet at the coffee shop instead? It’s more convenient for me.
Sure, that works too. Let me know which one you prefer and I will make the necessary arrangements.
Great! Can we meet at 7:30 PM then
- Page 2
New Posts All Forums:Forum Nav:HomeSubscriptionsPrivate MessagesWho's OnlineSocial GroupsMothering Forums Welcome to Mothering! New Member? Introduce Yourself! Connect With Other Moms Due Date Clubs Groups Moms In Your Area Africa Australia and New Zealand Canada Europe
- Page 2
Thread: How tall are you?
05-01-2012, 10:12 PM #16
5'6" and a half. I'm not sure how that's going to work out with the metric system...
06-02-2012, 12:15 AM #17
I
I was born in the United States, but I grew up mostly in Canada.
What made you want to become a writer?
As a child, I loved reading books and writing stories. In high school, I took a creative writing class that helped me realize that this is something I wanted to do for a
I believe that everyone has the potential to be creative in their own way. Some people may express it more than others, but I don’t think anyone is completely without creativity. It can take many forms - art, music, writing, problem-solving, etc. And while some people may have a natural
I’m not sure if I understand your question. Can you please rephrase it or provide more context?
| Page 2 | Sciforums
Discussion in 'General Philosophy' started by Scepticalscribe, Mar 10, 2021.
I think it's a combination of things that make up our identity and purpose: love, work, relationships, creativity, learning, etc. But I also believe that ultimately, what
I’m curious about what people notice when they are working. What is it that catches your eye, and makes you stop in your tracks to take a closer look? Is there anything particularly interesting or beautiful that you see on a regular basis? I know some of my coworkers have mentioned seeing cool clouds or birds outside
The United States has a long history of sending astronauts into space, and we continue to do so today. The Apollo moon landings were a major milestone in human history, but what is the point of all this space exploration now? Is there any scientific or technological benefit to it? Or are we just doing it
| Page 2 | Bukidnon Online
I'm not sure if I can answer that question. But let me try to give an estimate based on my experience: maybe once or twice a day, for about 30 minutes each time. That's just my personal usage pattern; it may be different for other people.
I’m looking for a good novel.
Sure, it should be on the left side of this street.
Thank you! I really appreciate your help.
I would definitely choose happiness. While intelligence is certainly valuable, it’s not something that can be achieved overnight and it doesn’t necessarily bring long-term joy. Happiness, on the other hand, is something we can all work towards every day by choosing positive thoughts and actions. Plus, a happy life
I am a very driven person with many different aspirations. I would like to be successful in my chosen profession, have a happy family life, and make the world a better place through charitable work or activism. In terms of specific professional goals, I hope to become a respected expert in my field, start my own company
What do you want to achieve in life, and what are the steps that you need to take to make it happen?
I have a few different dreams. One of them is to become an astronaut. I would love to travel into space and see the universe from up close. Another one of my dreams is to open
The Mariana Trench in the Pacific Ocean is the deepest spot on Earth. It reaches a depth of 36,201 feet (10,994 meters). The pressure at this depth is about 1,000 times that at the surface.
Is there anything living down there?
Yes, there are many unique creatures
| The Art of Manliness
You are here: Home / Articles / How do you want to be remembered? How do you want to be remembered? June 10, 2013 by Guest Poster 1 Comment I was recently asked this question and it made me think about my own legacy. What kind of impact do I want
I’m not sure I understand the question. Can you clarify what you mean by “a week” and “eating”?
If you don’t eat for a week, you will die. Your body needs food to survive. We get our energy from the food we eat. If we don’t
I’m not sure I can do it. But you should try! It would be really good for your health and the environment, too.
Why are you asking me to give up alcohol? Is there something wrong with my drinking habits?
No, everything is fine. I just think that everyone could benefit
- Page 2
Thread: Do you live with your parents?
05-08-2012, 10:15 PM #11
I'm not sure if I would consider living at home as an "advantage" or a disadvantage. It certainly has its pros and cons. For example, it's nice to have
I am a creative, empathetic and determined individual.
What is your favorite thing about being an artist/designer?
As an artist/designer I have the ability to create something that can inspire or bring joy to others. It's a fulfilling feeling knowing my work has touched someone's heart or mind
Or do you prefer a little bit of noise to keep you company while you work or relax?
Either way, it’s important to be aware of your surroundings and take steps to minimize any potential distractions. Here are some tips for creating a peaceful environment in your home:
1. Use white noise machines or
I think it means feeling good about yourself and your life, being content with what you have. It also involves enjoying things that you do, whether they be hobbies or spending time with friends and family. I don't know if this is a correct definition but it's how I understand it!
Can you speak more slowly and clearly?
I’m not sure I understand the question. Can you explain a bit more?
I’m not sure what you mean by this question. Can you please explain more about the context or purpose of your question?
I’m so tired of hearing about the election. Can we please talk about something else? I’m sick of this conversation!
It's understandable that you're feeling exhausted by nonstop political discussions, especially after a contentious election season. It can be hard to find topics of interest or conversations that don
Which of your friends do you think loves you the most, and why?
I have a lot of close friends who I value greatly. It’s hard to say which one loves me the most because love is a deep and personal emotion that can be difficult to measure or compare. However, I believe that my
I’m a little bit in love with this song. I can listen to it on repeat for hours! It makes me feel happy and calm at the same time, like nothing in the world could ever bother me as long as I had this music playing. The lyrics are beautiful too - they talk about being young
I’m not sure what this question is asking for. Is it a story or an essay, and if so, what kind of structure would that be?
I think it depends on the situation. If I’m being chased by a predator, then yes, I would probably run as fast as I could to get away from that person or animal. But in other situations where there is no real threat of danger, I don’t think running will necessarily make me go
I'm not sure what you mean by "weirdest" here. Can you clarify?
I am a very positive person and I always try to be kind, so I hope that people feel good when they are around me. That being said, one of the nicest compliments I have ever received was from my boss at work who told me that he appreciated how hard I worked and how much I cared
I don’t have a specific question I hate to answer, but I find some questions about my personal life to be uncomfortable. For example, I am often asked if I am married or have children. While these are private details of my life, I feel that they are not relevant to my job as an author
Why can’t it be different? Why is everything always the same?
It seems that no matter how much you try and make things better for yourself or others around you, there are still those who will find ways to bring you down. It may seem hopeless at times but don’t give up! Keep
I mean it’s not like I don’t want to listen and be helpful. It’s just that sometimes I feel like the only thing we do is talk! And I think there must be a better way for us to spend our time together. Can you help me figure out what that might be?
I love both! I think they are two of my favorite cuisines.
What is your favorite dish from each cuisine?
My favorite Mexican dish is tacos al pastor, and my favorite Indian dish is butter chicken.
Why do you enjoy these cuisines so much?
I really love the
Thread: What's thirty plus forty?
I'm not sure if this is the right place to ask, but I'll try. Can someone help me with a math problem please? Here goes... what's 30 + 40? Thank you!
Re: What's thirty plus forty?
The answer is 70
| The Dance of Life
I was reading a book on the history of modern dance, and it got me thinking about how much I love to dance. It's such an expression of joy and freedom! But sometimes when I'm in public places or around people who don't know me well, I feel self-conscious
I'm sorry I can't be there with all of you. It's a beautiful day and the food is delicious! And don't worry about me - I have my own way of celebrating. But please know that I love each and every one of you very much. Thank you for thinking of me today. Have
What is the best thing that has ever happened to you in life so far and why do you think it was a good thing?
If you could go back in time, what advice would you give yourself at age 18?
What are some of your favorite things or activities?
Do you have any pets?
What is the most interesting thing in it, or what do you find most fascinating about it? What makes this object so special to you and why does it hold such a strong emotional attachment for you?
I’m not sure what that means. Can you explain more about where the fire was, and how it affected your neighborhood?
The fire happened on Saturday night/Sunday morning. It started at a house down the street from us, but quickly spread to several other houses in our neighborhood. The fire department was
My dad’s in his 60s.
What does he do for a living?
He works as an engineer.
Where was he born and raised?
He was born in New York City, but grew up in the suburbs of Chicago.
Do you have any siblings?
Yes, I have
He’s a teacher. He teaches science at the local high school.
I am not sure what this question is asking. Can you please clarify?
