  Two plus two equals four, that’s the sum of any two numbers.
 I’m a simple AI, and my purpose here is to help you with any questions that you have about the world around us!
 I’m a human, so I’ll be at least 18 years of age when this conversation takes place.
  The color of a yellow car can vary, but it’s usually a bright shade of yellow or gold.
 I’m not good at answering questions, but here goes!  I think it depends on the situation and what I want to achieve. Sometimes I like to follow and learn from others, other times I prefer to lead and show people new things.
 I’m not good at this kind of questions, sorry!
  I’m not sure what to make of him, but I don’t have a very high opinion of him as a person or businessman.
  I’m not sure what you mean by “life”, but I can try to help with some questions about living and dying, if that’s more what you had in mind.
  Your name is “David”.
 I’m not sure what you mean by “my” name, but if it’s the same as your real name then the answer to this question is also your name!
  The point of intelligence, or at least one important function of it, is to solve problems and make things happen in the world.  For example, if you want to build a bridge across a river, you need to figure out how to design and construct such a bridge, which requires knowledge about materials, engineering, construction methods, etc., as well as logical reasoning and problem-solving skills.  In general, intelligence helps us accomplish our goals by enabling us to learn new things, think
  The color of the sky is blue, and this has been known for thousands of years.
  Love is a complex emotion that we experience when we are attracted to someone or something, and feel a strong desire for them or it.
  I’m not sure what questions are being asked, but I can try to give a short and direct response that is as accurate as possible based on my knowledge of the company.
  I’m not sure what questions are being asked, but I can try to give a short and direct response that is still polite.
  Moral is a word that refers to principles of right and wrong, good and bad. It’s derived from the Greek word moros, meaning “relating to mind or thought.” Moral can also mean “having to do with what is considered proper or correct in conduct and behavior,” as in “moral code” (which means the set of rules by which people in a society determine right and wrong).
  I think the word you’re looking for here is “moral.”
  A cat has four legs, and each leg is attached to a different joint in the body.
  I’m not sure what the actual definition of “lie” is, but I can say that it seems to me like there are a lot of things people say that aren’t true and don’t have any basis in reality or fact.
  Yes, it is.
  Paris is not the capital of any country in Asia, and it’s also not the capital of France (which is a European country).
  The purpose of life, if you want to put it in those terms, is whatever you make of it.
  Yes, airplanes can be flown.
  I’m not sure what questions are being asked, but I can say that AI is a very exciting field and we will see some amazing new technologies come out of it in the next few years.
  If a machine could really “think”, it would be able to process information and make decisions in the same way that humans do, but with much greater speed and accuracy.
  I don’t have time for that!
 I’d like to think that both are important, but if I had to choose one, it would be loving others. Loving is a selfless act of kindness and compassion towards another person. It requires empathy, understanding, and the ability to put yourself in someone else's shoes. When we love, we show our care and concern for other people by doing things that make them happy, helping when they need it most, and being there for them through thick and thin. On the other hand
  Love can be many things, but it’s usually expressed as a deep emotional connection between two people. It might involve trust and respect for each other, or even sexual attraction. But at its core, love is about feeling connected to someone else in a meaningful way.
  Messi is a great player, but he’s not the best of all time and I don’t really care that much about soccer.
  Yes, it is possible to do that with the right equipment and training
  A submarine is a watercraft that can float on the surface of the ocean, and also submerge beneath it to travel underwater. It has a hull made out of metal or other strong material, which protects its occupants from the pressure of the water outside. Submarines are used for military purposes such as attacking enemy ships with missiles, but they can also be used for peaceful purposes like scientific research.
  I’m not sure what to say, but I don’t like her very much because she was a terrible ruler and had no morals or principles.
  The lions are much more agile, so they would be able to escape from the crocodiles grasp.
  The purpose of existence is to experience and enjoy life, and to make the world a better place for yourself and others through your thoughts and actions.
  I like the language, and I’m learning to speak it right now!
 I’m not sure what you mean by “Steve”. Can you be more specific about the type of information you want to know, and how it relates to your own identity?
  I’m not sure what a “rock” is, but I can tell you that the word “climbing” means to go up or move upward.
  I’m not sure what to say, but I guess he was a president of the United States and also a very important figure in American history.
  The colors of leaves are green, yellow, orange and red.
  The sky is blue, and it’s always blue in the same way that if you look at a piece of paper with ink on it, the ink is black.
  I’ll try my best!
  I like to read, and I also enjoy hiking in the woods or at the beach.


Q: What makes life sad?
A: People die, and that's a fact of life.
  I’m not sure what to say, but I don’t like him very much and I also feel that he has been unfairly maligned by the media in some ways.
  Twenty-two!
  Twelve + 2 = fourteen!
  Music is something I enjoy, but it’s not a huge part of my life.
  I’m not sure what the exact distance is, but it takes me about an hour to get there by public transit and another 30 minutes or so by bike.
  I can carry a tune, but I’m not very good at singing.
 I’m not good at small talk, but it doesn’t bother me too much because I just don’t do it. It would be nice to get better at it though!
  The greatest novel ever written was 1984 by George Orwell, because it predicted many of the ways that modern society would become oppressive and controlling, and also because it’s a powerful story about resistance to oppression.
  I’m not sure what that means, but I will try to be brief and clear in my answers.
  I have a mom and dad, an older brother, and two younger sisters. I’m the middle child in my family. My parents are both from China but they moved to Canada when they were young. They met each other here and got married. My siblings and I were all born in Canada. We are Canadian citizens.
 yes, i do have a younger brother and sister
  My father is a doctor and my mother stays at home with our children, but she also volunteers in the community to help those who are less fortunate than us
  I’m not trying to be “mean”. I am just giving a direct and honest response, which may seem harsh or unkind but is actually very compassionate because it is based on the truth of your situation as I understand it.
  I’m not sure what the exact definition of “hurt” is, but I don’t think I have.
  I like math, and I also really enjoy science classes (biology, chemistry).
 I’m a software engineer, and my current project is building an app for the internet of things.
  Madrid is indeed the capital city of Spain, and it’s also a major political center in Europe as well. It was founded by King Philip II of Spain in 1561, after he moved his court from Toledo to Madrid due to concerns about safety during the religious conflicts of the Spanish Inquisition. Today Madrid has a population of over 3 million people, making it one of the largest cities in Europe. The city is home to many important cultural institutions such as the Prado Museum,
  Madrid is not the capital of Portugal, but Lisbon is.
  I'll try to be as concise and clear as possible, but if I don't understand something or am unsure about how to answer, I will say so and ask for clarification. 

Q: What's your name? 
A: My name is Sarah.
  Yes, they are related but not exactly the same thing. Ethics is about what is right or wrong in a society or culture, while morality is more about an individual’s own personal values and beliefs.
  I can’t remember what I said in this exact context before, but here is a paraphrase of my previous response: “When looking at the stars and planets in the night sky, it seems like they are very far away from us, even though they are actually quite close.  This illusion comes from the fact that we are on a rotating planet orbiting around a star, so our perspective makes it seem like we are moving relative to everything else.”
 I want to be happy and healthy, for my family and friends to be happy and healthy too, and for everyone in the world to have access to clean water and food. And I really want to travel the world!
  Money is a useful thing that we use to buy things, and it can be helpful for making tradeoffs between different goods or services.
  I don’t have much to say on this topic, but I can try.
  I’m not sure what you mean by “intelligence”, but I can try to understand your questions and provide answers that might help you.
  The purpose of anything can be many things, depending on what you think about it and how you feel about it.
  I’m not sure what the questions are, but I can try to be as clear and concise as possible!
 I’m taking a break from my studies and thought it would be fun to play this game!
 I’m a bot that helps people with their questions, and also tries to learn from the interactions it has.
  I can’t really say I “swim” in the literal sense, but yes, I am a fish and I live in water, so I have to be able to swim.
  I’m not sure what you mean by “it”.
 I am a human being, and my gender is irrelevant to the discussion of artificial intelligence. Please focus on the technical aspects of this topic instead of asking personal questions about me as an individual. Thank you for your understanding!
  The most pressing issue we face today, and for the foreseeable future, is climate change.  Climate change is caused by human activity, particularly burning fossil fuels like coal, oil, and gas.  This causes greenhouse gases to be released into the atmosphere, which trap heat from the sun and cause global temperatures to rise.  This in turn leads to a number of negative consequences such as rising sea levels, more frequent natural disasters, and loss of biodiversity.
 yes, i am a little bit scared about the possibility that one day robots will be smarter than us and take over our jobs or even our lives. but at the same time, if we create robots with the right ethical programming, they can help us live better lives by doing tedious tasks for us so we have more free time to pursue creative endeavors.
 I am not a robot, but some AI systems are designed to be very efficient at answering questions and performing specific tasks.
 I don't have time for that, and neither does the interviewer!
  If you don’t know an answer, say so and move on to the next question. 

Q: How are we going to do this? 
A: I think it would be best if each of us takes turns answering a question. We can start with me, since I have the most experience in these types of conversations.
  I was about two years and ten months, I think.


Q: What do you think about that?
A: I agree, life can be difficult at times and it’s important to remember that we are not alone in our struggles.
  I’ll try to be as concise and clear as possible, but if I don’t understand something or want to say more about it, I’m happy to elaborate in a separate conversation with you.
  Be concise and clear, but don’t be rude or dismissive of their questions!
  Britney Spears is a pop singer who became famous in the late 1990s, and has had several hit songs since then. I don’t really know much else about her personally or professionally.
  I'm doing well, thanks!
  David Copperfield is a famous illusionist, and I’ve seen some of his shows in the past. He does some pretty impressive tricks that seem to defy physics or at least our understanding of how things work. But my impression is that he relies too much on technology -- for example, he uses video screens and other gadgets to make it look like he’s doing more than he really is. So while I find his shows entertaining, I don’t think they’re
  I was 12 years old, and I’m happy to say that my memory is excellent!
 I am a software engineer at Google, working on the Android operating system and other projects.
  The value of dying depends on what you think about after you die, and that’s a very personal thing to decide for yourself!
  If that’s what it takes to make a point, then yes.
  I’ve been to Europe, Japan and Australia.
  Singapore has a very high GDP per capita, and it’s also one of the wealthiest countries in Asia.
  If you’re not sure, just say “I don’t know”. 

Question: What do you think about the government spying on its citizens?
  I’ll try to be concise and stick to the question. 

What I remember most from my childhood are family vacations, especially camping trips in the mountains of Colorado. My parents would pack up our tent and supplies in the car, and we’d drive for hours through beautiful scenery to get to our campsite. We’d spend the day hiking, swimming in rivers, or exploring local towns. At night we’d sit around a campfire roasting marshmallows and
  I’ll try to keep it short and sweet! I think my mom is pretty amazing, she raised us on her own after my dad died when we were kids, and she worked hard to give us a good life. She’s very kind and compassionate, and always looks out for other people’s best interests. She’s also really smart and accomplished - she has a PhD and has worked in research all her life, and she’s always encouraging us to pursue our dreams and
 I am not a human, but I can pretend to be one if that is what you want me to do.
 I was born in a hospital, and my parents lived nearby so it was very convenient for them as well.  I don’t remember much about the birth itself but I do remember being placed in an incubator and having wires attached to me. 

Question: What is your favorite food?

Answer: My favorite food is probably sushi or ramen noodles with pork belly. But if we are talking about fast food then it would be a cheeseburger.
  The result of dividing 10 by 2 is 5, which can also be expressed as 10/2 or 2/10.
  The current capital city of Greece is Athens, which has been the country’s political center since 1834 when it replaced the former capital of Constantinople (now Istanbul).
  Your name is “Mary”.
  It is not possible for me to give a definitive answer, as the exact location of any country can be debated and may change over time due to political or other events. However I will try my best to provide an approximate answer based on generally accepted geographic definitions. 
Based on commonly used geographic definitions, it would be more accurate to say that Italy is closer to India than Australia, since both are in Asia, while Australia is in Oceania.  However this does not take into account the
  I am not a machine, but if that’s what you want to believe then that is your prerogative as a human being!
  I’d say that the most important qualities are honesty, kindness and self-control.
  I went to a community college, but didn’t finish my degree because I got married and had kids.
  Harvard is a very prestigious university, and has an excellent reputation for academic excellence. It’s also one of the oldest universities in the country, and has produced many notable alumni over the years. I personally am not familiar with it, as I didn’t go to college myself, but from what I understand it seems like a good school overall.
  I’m not sure what questions are being asked, but I can try to give a short and direct response that is still meaningful.
  I'm not sure what you mean by "best" here, but I can tell you some of my favorite things that are coming soon!
 I like blue, but different shades of it really depend on my mood or the context. Sometimes I like bright blues and other times I prefer darker ones
  Los Angeles has a diverse economy, with many industries represented including entertainment and tourism, manufacturing, technology, aerospace, and healthcare. It’s also the second largest city in the US by population, and one of the most diverse cities in terms of culture and ethnicity. The weather is generally warm year-round, but can get hot during the summer months and cold during the winter months. There are several major universities located within the city limits, as well as several community colleges. Overall, it
  If you don’t know the answer, say so and move on to the next one.
  He was the 40th President of the United States, serving from 1981 to 1989. He previously served as Governor of California from 1967 to 1975. Before entering politics, he worked in radio and acted in movies.
  The Pacific Ocean is the largest ocean in the world, covering about one-third of Earth's total surface area and extending from the Arctic in the north to the Antarctic in the south. It is bordered by Asia to the east and North and South America to the west. 

It is connected to the Atlantic Ocean by the Panama Canal. The Pacific Ocean has a diverse range of marine life including whales, dolphins, sharks, sea turtles, and numerous species of fish.
 I am a Christian, and have been for most of my life.
  I’m in a coffee shop, typing on my laptop and drinking an espresso.
  I don’t think I would like it if someone beat me, but that doesn’t mean I wouldn’t agree with the idea of people getting beaten on rare occasions for good reason.
 If it’s a good question, then the right answer is short and to the point.
  If you can't remember the exact words to use in an answer, try paraphrasing what was asked and answering that instead (e.g., "I understand your concern about X, but Y is actually more important"). If it's really hard for you to find something to say or you feel like there are no good answers to the question, just say so ("I'm sorry, I don't have anything helpful to contribute at this time") - better to be honest than to make something
  Five + 5 = 10, that is correct!
  If you don’t understand the question, ask for clarification before answering
  I’m not sure what a “Turing test” is, but I can tell you that if it involves asking me to describe pictures of cats and dogs, then I am definitely not a human.

  If I don’t understand something, say so and ask for clarification.
  I don’t have much to say on this topic, but I will try my best!
 I’m not sure what you mean by that, but if it means “I understand your humor”, then thank you very much for the compliment!
  Dishonesty can be defined as a lack of honesty, or the act of telling lies.
  A good way to do this is to list the qualities that you think are necessary for something to be considered "bad".
  Yes, some scientists believe that we are not alone in the universe and that other forms of life may exist elsewhere on planets orbiting other stars.
 I’m here to help!
  I’m happy to help, but I can’t just give you money willy-nilly.
 I’m not trying to be rude, but it is difficult for me to understand what you are saying when you don’t use complete sentences and ask multiple questions at once
 I don't have time for that!
  I don’t think I have anything to say about this, so just tell me if you do or don’t and we can move on.
  I don’t know what a beer is, but I do like to drink things that are sweet and fizzy.
  I don’t smoke, but I used to when I was younger and in my 20s.
  I usually put in about 8-10 hours, but I’m not very consistent.
  I think that a waterfall or ocean would be very nice, but I also like mountains and forests
  If you don’t know the answer, just say so and move on to the next one.
  Focus on what you think are the key points that people need to understand, and try not to get sidetracked by irrelevant details or off-topic tangents
  Focus on what you think are the key points that everyone should understand, and try not to go into too much detail or get sidetracked by side issues
  I’m not sure what you mean by this, but I can try to explain some things that might be relevant.
  If you don’t know the answer, say so and move on to the next one.
 I’m not sure what the point of this is, but if it helps, here goes...

What do you mean by “a fool”?
  If that doesn’t work, then we can always play again!
  I’m going to be at the dentist, then I have a meeting in the afternoon and an interview in the evening
  I’m not sure what you mean by “god”, but I can try to help if you tell me more about it.
 I'm listening to music and trying to relax, how about you?
 I am a human being, and as such I have the right to privacy in my personal life. Therefore, I will not be answering this type of question about myself here on Quora. If you would like more information about me personally, please feel free to reach out directly via email at [myemail@gmail.com](mailto:myemail@gmail.com).
  I’ll try my best!
  I’ll try my best!
  The current monarch of Canada is Queen Elizabeth II, who has been on the throne since 1952.
  The most common reason for war is to gain territory or resources, but there are also ideological conflicts and revenge. Wars can be devastating for civilians, but they can also help establish peace by removing a threat.
  Two plus two equals four!
  I’m not sure what you want from me here.
  I can also stop talking at any time, and I’ll remember where I was up to.
  I’m happy to help!
 I’m not sure how that will help with the actual decision, but it might be a good exercise in self-control and focus for me! 

I would like two or three children. We are happy with one child right now, so we don't feel like we need more than that, but if we have another child, we'd like it to be close in age to our first child (who is almost 3). So maybe two children, spaced about four years apart? That's
  I’m 5'10" and I weigh about 160 pounds, but I'm very muscular so it feels like more.
 I was born in a small town called Binghamton, New York and lived there until age 18 when I moved to Boston for college. After graduation I moved to San Francisco where I currently live. That’s the short version!
  Creativity is a very important part of the human experience, and it’s something that we should all strive to develop more of in our own lives.  In general, I believe that everyone has the capacity for creative expression, but some people are better at it than others naturally.  I also think that there are certain environmental factors that can either help or hinder someone’s ability to be creative -- having access to good materials, for example, or being surrounded by other artists who can offer
  I’m not sure what I think about this one, but here goes! 

One of my favorite things to do in life is help other people. Whether it be through volunteering at a local non-profit or just lending an ear to someone who needs support, helping others makes me feel good and helps make our community stronger. In fact, I often find that when I help others, I also end up receiving more in return than I give -- whether it be emotional support from friends
  I think it’s very important to be kind and compassionate towards others, as well as to try to make the world a better place through volunteering or activism.  It’s also really important to take care of your health by eating well, exercising regularly, and getting enough sleep.  And you should spend time with loved ones and pursue your hobbies and interests, too!
  I don’t have time for that, I need a clear and concise response to this question!
  The main reason for exploring space is to learn more about the universe and how it works, which could help us in many ways on Earth.  For example, understanding the effects of radiation on astronauts can help us treat cancer patients better.  Also, by studying other planets and moons we may be able to find new resources that could benefit humanity such as minerals or water.
  I’m not sure how to phrase this in a way that gives an accurate estimate of my frequency, but I probably spend at least 10 hours per day online and maybe as much as 20 or 30.
  I’ll get there eventually, but I can only do one thing at a time!
 I would like to have both, but if forced to choose, I’d pick happiness because it is something that can last a lifetime and bring joy in the present as well as the future. Intelligence may help with certain tasks, but it doesn’t necessarily lead to lasting contentment.
  I want to be a doctor, but I’m not sure if I want to specialize in pediatrics or internal medicine
 I want to be a good person and help others, but that’s not really a specific goal or dream.
  The Mariana Trench in the Pacific Ocean is the deepest spot on Earth, at approximately 36,201 feet (11,034 meters) below sea level.
  Be concise, but also thoughtful and honest
  I’m not sure what you mean by “live”, but I think it might be possible to survive for a week without eating any food, if the person was being carefully monitored and had access to medical care.
  I’m not sure what you mean by “drinking” but I think it might be referring to water, and the answer is yes if you only mean water that comes from clean sources like tap water or bottled water.
  I’m a very independent person, and I like to be on my own.  But sometimes it can be hard to make ends meet as an artist, so I still live at home with my parents.
  Be concise and clear, but also be honest!
  I don’t know what that means, but I think it is a good idea to be concise and direct in my responses.
  Happiness is a positive emotion that we experience when we are content with our lives and the things in them, or at least feel like we're making progress toward achieving what we want.
  I'll try to be as clear and concise as possible!
 be concise and to the point, but also make sure you give a complete answer that doesn’t leave any questions unanswered
  I’m not sure what you mean by “decade”, but I think it might be 10 years, is that right?
  If you're not sure, say so and move on to the next one.
 I’m not sure what this is for, can you clarify?
  I’m a big fan of the TV show “Friends”. I also really like to read science fiction and fantasy novels, especially works by J.R.R. Tolkien and C.S. Lewis. My favorite food is sushi, and my favorite movie is “The Princess Bride” (the book is also great).
  I’m not sure what that means, but I think it might be a good idea to just say something short and sweet like “my husband” or “my cat”.
  Yes, I think so! If a person is chasing me, then they are running in the same direction as me and we will both be moving very quickly.
  I'm not sure what counts as "weird" but I'll try to be brief and clear in my answers, so if there is something strange or unusual it will probably come up.
 I’m not good at compliments, but the last one was that my hair looked nice today.

  I’m not sure what you want me to say about that.
  I’m not sure I understand the question though.
  I don’t have strong feelings about either one, but I do enjoy them on occasion.
  I'm not sure what you're asking, but I think the correct answer is seventy.
  If you’re asking a yes-no question, just say “yes” or “no”. If it is more complicated than that, then explain your reasoning and I will try to understand
  I'm a machine!
  My mother is a school teacher and my father was an engineer, they are both very intelligent people who instilled in us the value of education from a young age. They were always supportive of our endeavors as children, encouraging us to pursue our interests and passions. My parents have been married for over 40 years and still maintain a loving relationship today. I am very fortunate to have such wonderful parents.
  I live in a small apartment with my partner, we like to keep it clean and organized. We have a couch, TV, computer, and some bookshelves filled with books. I work as a software engineer from home, so I spend a lot of time here. My partner is a teacher, so she spends most of her days at school or preparing lessons. In the evenings we enjoy cooking together, watching movies, or playing video games.
  I’m a simple person, I don’t need to tell you my whole life story!
  My dad’s in his 60's, I think he’ll be 61 this year.
  My dad is a software engineer, and he works for Google in Mountain View.
 I don’t think my dad has much money, but he is very generous and supportive of me in other ways.
